Alright, so let's look now at finishing the
code for our simple jukebox. We've got
our program printing the list of albums,
and getting a choice from the user. The
next bit of code will be very similar.
It's going to display the songs for the
selected album and let the user choose
one. So looking at our albums data,
in nested_data.py, the title of each
song appears at index position 1.
The track number, as you can
see, is at position 0 and the title
at position 1. Rather than having to
remember that, when writing the code,
let's create another constant in jukebox_menu.py.
We'll add it below the existing one - we'll
call this one SONG_TITLE_INDEX
and we're setting it to the value of one.
We don't need line 17 onwards. We just
added those lines to see how we were
indexing into the albums, to get the
song lists. So I'm going to delete those
and then replace that code, and the code
we're going to add is going to display
the list of songs. So I'm going to start
with a print: print parentheses double
quotes Please choose your song and a
colon, closing double quote and right
parenthesis, and notice that error there. I
was a bit careless and wasn't paying
attention. I need to tab this to the
right indentation level, for this to work.
But it's a good idea, just to make sure
that you are indenting to the level
appropriate to the code you're adding. Alright,
also continuing on, for index comma then
in parentheses - hopefully, by now, you
know why we using parentheses -
track_number comma song in
enumerate parentheses songs_list
right parenthesis and a colon. Then
we'll get to the actual printing - print
on the next line, parentheses double
quotes and two replacement fields here,
so left and right curly braces, colon space,
another set of left and right curly braces
double quote, and because it'll all fit on the
same line, I won't go to the nextline
with the dot format, parentheses index + 1 comma song
and the two closing right
parentheses. Alright, so having done that,
and again, we're putting parentheses
around track number and song, because
these are the values that are being
unpacked from the tuple, as we saw in an
earlier video. Alright, next we need to get
the user's song choice and print the title.
So make a bit of space up here, and
at the same indentation level as the
for loop, I'm going to type song_choice is equal to int
parenthesis input, left and right
parentheses and then a closing right
parenthesis. Then we'll test this, so if
1 is less than equal to song_choice
less than equal to len parentheses songs_list
right parentheses : Then we'll type title,
on the next line, is equal to songs_list
left and right square brackets, and within
the first set of square brackets,
song_choice - 1, then a second set of square brackets.
And we need to choose the song index, so
that's using our constant,
song_title_index, and we'll put an
else in under the if : and break. Alright, so
once again, we've got two levels of
indexing on line 23. We get the song
tuple from songs list, using the user's
choice as the index. We have to subtract
1, because indexes are zero-based,
and the user's choice starts at 1. To get the
second item from the tuple, we use our
SONG_TITLE_INDEX constant. The name of the song is the second item,
which is at position 1, and if you recall,
we set our constant value on line 4 to 1.
So before we run the program, we really
should print out the chosen song, to make
sure we got the right one, so let's do that.
So indenting's at the same level
as the if and the else. I'm going to type
print parentheses, Playing, left and right
curly braces for our replacement field,
double quotes dot format
parentheses title. On the next line,
print parentheses double quotes equal
sign, then outside of the double quote,
x 40 and a right parenthesis. So in
addition to the title that we're
printing on line 27,
I'm also printing a row of equal symbols,
just to make the output a bit clearer. Time
now to test the code. So I'm gonna run the program.
Alright, clicking into the run window,
I'm going to select option 3 -
Nightflight.  That's printed the songs from the
Nightflight album, which is correct.
I'm going to choose option 4, here, to print
the song title, She used me up, and you
can see that the program reports that it's
playing She used me up, then the loop goes
around again, ready for the next choice.
So test the program thoroughly, to make
sure valid options display the correct
list of songs, and the correct song.
At the moment, though, we don't have a lot of
data. Because of that, I'd check every
single option to make sure the results
are correct. Also, make sure that an
invalid option correctly exits the
program, and that should happen when
you're displaying the list of albums and
also when a song list is being displayed.
So moving on, the next video will be a
challenge, and I'll go over my solution
to that challenge, in the video after
that one. See you in the next video.